Grandpa, I just follow what the dog says. You have the right to speak, right?
From now on, you can talk about it far and wide,
You have known you before,
Kneel down, you thought that you would actually go home,
How can you be sorry to Lian Mian?
Such a good girl, the one who marries you,
I've been in Juran's family, who of you can't ask for your heart, my wife?
You also live far away from your old house, and others have promised to give you a child.
But you are so irresponsible.
Don't know anyone
Are you responsible for living with those people?
messy woman
Stop it all or else
Believe it or not, these are the things you need to do to clean up the house for your children.
You can ask for it all